! Title: Hide YouTube Pay-to-Watch Content
! Description: Removes videos with "Pay to watch" buttons/badges
! Version: 1.1
! Last modified: 2025-06-02

! Hide videos with "Pay to watch" badge/button
youtube.com##ytd-rich-item-renderer:has-text("Pay to watch")
youtube.com##ytd-video-renderer:has-text("Pay to watch")
youtube.com##ytd-compact-video-renderer:has-text("Pay to watch")
youtube.com##ytd-grid-video-renderer:has-text("Pay to watch")

! Hide videos with "Pay to watch" in metadata
youtube.com##ytd-rich-item-renderer:has(#metadata-line:has-text("Pay to watch"))
youtube.com##ytd-video-renderer:has(#metadata-line:has-text("Pay to watch"))

! Hide the specific pay-to-watch badge element
youtube.com##.badge-style-type-simple:has-text("Pay to watch")
youtube.com##ytd-badge-supported-renderer:has-text("Pay to watch")

! Hide entire video containers that contain pay-to-watch elements
youtube.com##ytd-rich-item-renderer:has(.badge-style-type-simple:has-text("Pay to watch"))
youtube.com##ytd-video-renderer:has(.badge-style-type-simple:has-text("Pay to watch"))

! Hide from search results
youtube.com##ytd-video-renderer.ytd-item-section-renderer:has-text("Pay to watch")

! Hide from home page
youtube.com##ytd-rich-item-renderer.ytd-rich-grid-renderer:has-text("Pay to watch")

! Hide from recommended/sidebar
youtube.com##ytd-compact-video-renderer.ytd-watch-next-secondary-results-renderer:has-text("Pay to watch")

! Mobile YouTube
m.youtube.com##.compact-media-item:has-text("Pay to watch")
m.youtube.com##.media-item:has-text("Pay to watch")

! Hide premium badges and indicators
youtube.com##ytd-rich-item-renderer:has(.badge-style-type-simple):has-text("Premium")
youtube.com##ytd-video-renderer:has(.badge-style-type-simple):has-text("Premium")

! Hide channel membership content
youtube.com##ytd-rich-item-renderer:has([aria-label*="Members only"])
youtube.com##ytd-video-renderer:has([aria-label*="Members only"])
youtube.com##ytd-rich-item-renderer:has-text("Members only")
youtube.com##ytd-video-renderer:has-text("Members only")
